hi I'm Patrick star from the weekly tech
channel and today I'm going to tell you
how to run a dos games on your iPad now
this will require a couple different
things and your iPad does not have to be
jailbroken first you're going to go to
the App Store and you're going to get a
program by fast intelligence called I
Doss you may have heard of this program
before but it was pulled from the app
store due to how easy it was to load up
dos games onto your iPad this is a
universal application so it'll worth
Boak both on ipad and iphone but it is
currently free from the market so that
is the first thing you're going to get
and then when you go load up the app
here hi Doss it's got pre-built games
into the into the store so you can go
visit the store and these are the games
you can just instantly download for free
and launch them when you launch them see
one lunch Duke Nukem it'll launch and
then there you go you got Duke Nukem so
the second thing you're going to need is
I phone explorer so you can browse your
file system of your device they have
downloads for both mac and pc i have
already downloaded the mac version when
you get into your iphone explorer you're
going to go find the eye docs folder and
then go to the documents folder and just
start adding things that you want into
your eye docs folder like I added doom
Zeese ness Zeese ness it does not really
work it's really slow so you'll have a
lot of trouble playing Super Nintendo
games on it but I did try it cool spot
capture the flag and scorched earth so
after you drag and drop all these and
you can drag and drop pretty much
anything
here after you drag and drop them go
back the ipad click on the c drive
button you'll have your C which is your
your documents folder so I'm going to
play scorched earth so i'm going to type
in regular C commands and I've got a
keyboard here this program also has a
built-in keyboard you can bring up right
there but we're not going to use that
for now because I've got one keyboard
here but you'll do CD for change
directory and then sco rch for scorched
earth and then the name of the file to
started is scorch dot exe and then it
will load up scorched earth and then
you're playing playing dos games on your
iPad and it works totally great and it's
fantastic and any dos game should work
for you in here